chore: update counter tutorial to match latest `midnight-js` API changes (#876)
midnightntwrk/midnight-docs: docs/tutorials/counter/counter-cli.mdx

/**
 * Build (or restore) a wallet from a hex seed, then wait for the wallet
 * to sync and receive funds before returning.
 *
 * Steps:

>  *   1. Derive HD keys (Zswap, NightExternal, Dust) from the seed

Reviewer: Add periods to this list.

 *   2. Create the three sub-wallets (Shielded, Unshielded, Dust)
 *   3. Start the WalletFacade and wait for sync
 *   4. Display a wallet summary with all addresses

>  *   5. If balance is zero, wait for incoming funds (e.g. from faucet)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 *   5. If balance is zero, then wait for incoming funds (for example, from faucet).
```

2. **Sync with network**: The `waitForSync` function monitors the wallet's synchronization progress until it catches up with the blockchain. This ensures the wallet has accurate balance information.
3. **Display wallet summary**: After syncing, `printWalletSummary` shows all three address types (shielded, unshielded, and dust) along with their current balances.
4. **Check and wait for funds**: The function checks if the unshielded balance is non-zero. If the balance is zero, it calls `waitForFunds` to monitor the wallet state until tokens arrive from the faucet.

> 5. **Register for DUST generation**: This step registers the wallet's NIGHT UTXOs with the DUST generation service. This is required for transaction fees on Preprod and Standalone networks.

Author: Updated in b8c71ae

> 5. **Register for dust generation**: This step registers the wallet's NIGHT UTXOs with the dust generation service, which is required for transaction fees on Preprod and Standalone networks.

Author: Fixed in 3f86925.

> 5. **Register for dust generation**: This step registers the wallet's NIGHT UTXOs with the dust generation service, which is required for transaction fees on Preprod and Standalone networks.

Author: Fixed in 3f86925.

> 5. **Register for dust generation**: This step registers the wallet's NIGHT UTXOs with the dust generation service, which is required for transaction fees on Preprod and Standalone networks.

Author: Fixed in 3f86925.

The main loop handles counter operations after successful contract setup. 
Errors during increment operations are caught and displayed without terminating the loop, allowing users to retry or check their DUST balance.

### Docker port mapping

Below the main interaction loop, create the docker port mapping:

```typescript title="counter-cli/src/cli.ts"
// ─── Docker Port Mapping ────────────────────────────────────────────────────

/** Map a container's first exposed port into the config URL. */
const mapContainerPort = (env: StartedDockerComposeEnvironment, url: string, containerName: string) => {
  const mappedUrl = new URL(url);
  const container = env.getContainer(containerName);
  mappedUrl.port = String(container.getFirstMappedPort());
  return mappedUrl.toString().replace(/\/+$/, '');
};
```

### Main entry point

Below the docker port mapping, create the `run` function as the main entry point:

```typescript title="counter-cli/src/cli.ts"
// ─── Entry Point ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

/**
 * Main entry point for the CLI.
 *
 * Flow:

>  *   1. (Optional) Start Docker containers for proof server / node / indexer

Reviewer: Add periods to this list. They are complete sentence.

    image: 'midnightntwrk/indexer-standalone:4.0.0'
    env_file: standalone.env.example
    ports:
      - "8088:8088"
    environment:
      RUST_LOG: 'indexer=info,chain_indexer=info,indexer_api=info,wallet_indexer=info,indexer_common=info,fastrace_opentelemetry=off,info'
      APP__APPLICATION__NETWORK_ID: 'undeployed'
    healthcheck:
      test: ['CMD-SHELL', 'cat /var/run/indexer-standalone/running']
      interval: 10s
      timeout: 5s
      retries: 20
      start_period: 10s
    depends_on:
      node:
        condition: service_healthy

  node:
    image: 'midnightntwrk/midnight-node:0.22.3'
    container_name: 'counter-node'
    ports:
      - "9944:9944"
    healthcheck:
      test: ['CMD', 'curl', '-f', 'http://localhost:9944/health']
      interval: 2s
      timeout: 5s
      retries: 20
      start_period: 20s
    environment:
      CFG_PRESET: 'dev'
      SIDECHAIN_BLOCK_BENEFICIARY: '04bcf7ad3be7a5c790460be82a713af570f22e0f801f6659ab8e84a52be6969e'
```

Create `counter-cli/standalone.env.example`

```env title="counter-cli/standalone.env.example"
# Environment variables for the standalone indexer container.
# These are dev defaults for local use only.

> APP__INFRA__NODE__URL=ws://node:9944

Author: This is copied directly from the counter example repo: https://github.com/midnightntwrk/example-counter/blob/main/counter-cli/standalone.env.example

APP__INFRA__STORAGE__PASSWORD=indexer
APP__INFRA__PUB_SUB__PASSWORD=indexer
APP__INFRA__LEDGER_STATE_STORAGE__PASSWORD=indexer

> APP__INFRA__SECRET=303132333435363738393031323334353637383930313233343536373839303132

Author: This is copied directly from the counter example repo: https://github.com/midnightntwrk/example-counter/blob/main/counter-cli/standalone.env.example
